--- 
layout: post 
title: Kindness Cookies
	
number: 2
description: A happy community is a cooperative community. Acts of kindness leads to increased levels of communication, trust, and most importantly, courtesy.
---

In my [follow up on Ladd's]({{ site.blog_url }}/07/2011/laddscircle/) I proposed some pretty ambitious goals for my next experiment:

1.	Create a public space where people WANT to slow down and enjoy it.
2.	Encourage cyclists to become pedestrians.
3.	Establish safer pedestrian access to center park.
4.	Promote constructive and kind conversation to move towards the best possible immediate solution.

Wow, that is a lot to do! Thinking about how to go about this was stressful. I felt way in over my head. The beauty of [experiment #1]({{ site.blog_url }}/06/2011/freecookies/) was its simplicity and spontaneity. As much as I would love to try to do all those things in one experiment, I decided against it.

Acts of kindness should not require great foresight or thought. In fact, the best acts of kindness may be the smallest gesture of support--or a helping hand to a stranger when they most need it.

My second __Experiment in Kindness__ combines ideas from Mia Birk's latest blog post, [creating a culture of courtesy](http://www.miabirk.com/blog/?p=872), and a great idea from my brother (thanks Ben!). My original goals for this experiment required that I make decisions about what the cyclists should do. Even if they agree with my decision, it may not have a long-term effect. The real solution to the problem at Ladd's (as Mia point out in her post) is creating a __"culture of courtesy"__.

So with that I announce my second experiment in kindness.

##Experiment #2
For experiment #2 I will be heading back to Ladd's Addition __this Friday, July 8 at 5pm__.

###Hypothesis
__Encouraging people through kindness, to act with kindness, will help create a culture of courtesy.__

####Design
*   Bake lots of delicious chocolate cookies (and maybe others)
*   Set up on SE Ladd __a block or two BEFORE__ the circle
*   Hold sign that says "Free Cookies from SmilingJoe"
*   Tell people I have free cookies for them
*   Hand out free cookies, watch people leave with smiles on their faces

If you are thinking it sounds exactly like my last experiment, you are right. But there is a twist! Come by and find out.

####Helping Smiling Joe

I have gotten lots of offers for people wanting to help me with this and other experiments. I encourage people to come out to Ladd's Circle, but I will not be needing any help this time. You are more than welcome to join me and engage others in kind and unexpected ways. 

Whether you show up or not--you can still help: take one second out of your life to make life for your neighbor, a friend, or a stranger easier.

>__"Each small kindness, like a seed, grows tall in memory."__
