--- 
layout: post 
title: Clean Body, Clean Mind

meta_description: The first step towards happiness can either be clean mind or clean body. But both steps need to happen eventually. Where will you start? 
description: The first step towards happiness can either be clean mind or clean body. But both steps need to happen eventually. Where will you start?
---

Our minds and bodies have a powerful effect on each other. A clean mind or a clean body helps you achieve cleanliness throughout your life. Whereas a unhealthy body or unhealthy mind leads to poor decisions negatively affecting the rest of you. 

Most of what I posted so far talks about a clean mind and how we can reach towards that. But the connection between healthy food and living and happiness deserves some discussion. 

Similarly to how we get stuck in cycles of negativity, we eat the same bad foods over and over again. Eventually we think our body needs that kind of food. That only results from the habituation of your body to that food. 


Worldwide plenty of the population survives of farm fresh, local, and unprocessed food. Immigrants come to America with those eating habits. After switching to the American diet they experience a dramatic increase in obesity rates within one generation. 

Our bodies were not made to process the kind of foods we eat. But our bodies were made to adapt, so they do, and we adapt mentally as well. If we rely on caffeine or carb heavy meals, when our diets become low in those our body wants more of the bad food because it has adapted.

These types of food become addictive. Our body thinks we need them to survive. It does not remember the taste and need for healthy food. So how can we change our eating habits? Well, just like we change our thinking habits.

<span id="readmore"/>

<!-- more start -->

###Re-Adapting

Changing your diet to rely only on healthy foods your body will adapt. You will starts to crave those foods. Just like how our brain adapts to positive or negative thinking. 

The kicker comes when we look at how our body influences our mind. If we become attached to negative thoughts or negative foods, those build on each other and make it harder to get off either. 

###Start Now

We need to start now. Whether we want to change our mind or our body. Eventually we have to address both. One step at a time.

Use your positivity to help yourself eat better. Or use clean food to help your mind become clean. A clean and happy body cannot come unless you address all aspects of your life. So you better start somewhere.


<!-- more end -->