--- 
layout: post 
title: Find Your Smile, Change The World

meta_description: Welcome to the first SmilingJoe blog post. My name is Joe and I smile. I am holding you accountable for all the misery in the world. Until you change the world, I may not share my smile with you.
description: I am holding you accountable for all the misery in the world. Until you change the world, I may not share my smile with you. <b>The first step to changing the world is finding your smile</b>. Sounds terrible right? I encourage you to not learn more and continue to be sad.
---

Welcome to the SmilingJoe blog. My name is Joe and I smile. I desire to find inner peace while making the world a kinder place. I am passionate about developing a stronger moral fabric in society. I write about discovering true happiness and how individuals can create world peace. I am looking for people who want to take responsibility for their own happiness and by doing so create a revolution.

If every person takes initiative to find their true smile, they can change the world. It all starts with our inner self and moves out from there. Being at peace with ourself will allow our actions to help, not hurt, others. Acting with kindness will enable communication. Communication creates trust and friendship. Cooperation follows. And with cooperation, we can change the world. So what are you waiting for? __Be happy__. 
 
###It Is Your Fault

You are responsible for all the misery in the world, thats right _YOU_. Why do I blame you? Well, are you actively taking initiative to be happy? If we fail to take personal responsibility for our happiness, we propagate a world of anger, misery, and violence.

Buy all the clothes you want, eat as much chocolate as you can, drink the well dry. No doubt you found happiness in your consumption. If you did, go enjoy it. 

___Didn't find happiness at the bottom of the cookie jar? I want to talk to you.___

<span id="readmore"/>

<!-- more start -->

#The Importance of Finding Your Smile

Before going into details about _HOW_ to smile, lets discuss the grave danger you are putting mankind in with your frown. 

I could fill a library with all the research about the value of happiness. Happy people live longer, recover from injuries faster, get sick less, have more fulfilling relationships, are more successful, and more. But I will not focus on any of that. No, my mission goes beyond the self and I hope your's does too.

Every individual needs to act to find inner peace. If we do this together, we will wake up to discover a happy, cooperative, compassionate, and ethical world. 

___Find Your Smile, Change The World___


###A Simple Equation for World Peace

>If you want to change the world, first try to improve and bring about change within yourself. That will help change your family. From there it just gets bigger and bigger. Everything we do has some effect, some impact.
>>__The Dalai Lama__

Throughout every speech The Dalai Lama gives he states that he is powerless in creating world peace if individuals do not take change themselves. Then he reveals his formula for how every person can create world peace:

1.	Nurture a Warm Heart => Open Your Inner Door
2.	Act with Compassion, Kindness => Better Communication
3.	Speak Honesty, Transparently => Friendship
4.	Trust Others => Cooperation
5.	Work Together => Change The World

Five steps to world peace all starts with finding your true smile.

#Act Now

Discovering your smile and cultivating inner peace does not happen overnight. But you can still start now. 

Begin by being aware of your thoughts. We cannot control external events only our own feelings.
See how you respond to positive or negative events. Acknowledge those reactions. Understand that you did not create the event but you produced the resulting thought. 

It sounds simple. However, the power of knowing what we can change or not will help us find our true smile.

>As a single footstep will not make a path on the earth, so a single thought will not make a pathway in the mind. To make a deep physical path, we walk again and again. To make a deep mental path, we must think over and over the kind of thoughts we wish to dominate our lives.
>>__Henry David Thoreau__

<!-- more end -->